This file explains the computational procedure for moving from the MOH corpus to an evaluation of whether a set of sentences extracted from this corpus are about smells.

 - cleaner: This script will take as input a filepath, and then will open all files found in the indicated folder or in any subdirectories and treat them as text from the corpus.  It will apply a range of data-cleaning heuristics, identifying sentence boundaries, removing punctuation, and eliminating sentences that appear to be remnants of tabular data.

 - modeller: This script will take as input the file generated by the cleaner script, and will build a dynamically contextual distributional semantic model based on this text.  Parameters which should be entered at the top of the script are co-occurrence window size, vocabulary size, and the smoothing constant to be used when waiting co-occurrence statistics: higher constants will affect more rare co-occurrence features more aversely.

 - wtver: This script will build word2vec models based on the file generated by the cleaner script.  The parameters to be set here are the modelling methods (skip-gram and contextual-bag-of-words), co-occurrence window sizes, and model dimensionalities.

 - impiler: This script generates words associated with smelliness according to distributional semantic models construed along various combinations of parameters.  The two sets of words used to initialise each model have been derived from WordNet.  This script calls two other scripts which instantiate dynamically contextual and static word2vec type models respectively:

   - proby.py: This script will output dynamically contextualised words based on input words passed from the impiler script, using Joint and Indy subspace projection techniques and both NORM and DIST subspace search methods.

   - wtouty.py: This script will output the words closest to the centroid of input words passed from the impiler script in SG and CBOW type word2vec semantic models.

 - outputter: This script will take the file written by impiler and use each set of words generated by each combination of parameters to evaluate whether each sentence in a spreadsheet is about smell.  It will output a csv file in which the first row lists labels of parameter combinations, the first column of every subsequent row is a sentence, the second column is the human rating indicated in the spreadsheet, and each subsequent column is the assessment of the corresponding parameter label.

 - logister: This script performs a logistic regression on the matrix output by outputter.  The parameters of the regression, which is called from the sklearn packages LogisticRegression or LogisticRegressionCV, can be toggled within the script.

